Add new step to create definition file (#3744)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/getting-started/writing-a-grpc-service-with-ballerina.md

#### Generating the source code

> Execute the following command inside the same directory where you created the Ballerina project to generate source code related to the service definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following command inside the same directory in which you created the Ballerina project to generate the source code related to the service definition.
```

#### Generating the source code

> Execute the following command inside the same directory where you created the Ballerina project to generate source code related to the service definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following command inside the same directory in which you created the Ballerina project to generate the source code related to the service definition.
```
